Add explanation of WysiwygV2 component (#126)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/theme/wysiwyg.md

};
```

This is it, you have a new `CustomWysiwyg` type. However, the components rendered are still simple HTML tags. If you want to add interactivity, you will need to refer to the `theme/modules/WysiwygV2/CustomWysiwyg` you have created.

In this file you will notice that there is a `defaultComponentsMap` constant. This object is used to reference how to render each html tag in your Wysiwyg component. We call these **transforms**: they transform an html tag into a React component. This is what will allow you to finely tune how your Wysiwyg is displayed and add interactivity to your content.

For instance, if you want your `h2` tags to have some additional classes, you could use the following `defaultComponentsMap` instead:

```js
const defaultComponentsMap = {
  h2: (props) => <h2 {...props} className="wysiwyg-h2" />
}
```

The props available represent the HTML attributes coming from your Wysiwyg content. The only difference compared to traditional HTML is that `class` is renamed to `className` to better support React patterns and the `props.children` is an already constructed React element.

<blockquote class="important">

> <b>Note:</b> If the component is complex, please think about code splitting them to avoid too large bundle on pages that don't need them.

Author: Since code splitting should only be using @loadable/component in the context of FC, I'd say we should wait for the accurate page documentation instead of pointing to a page that would point the readers in the wrong direction.

> <b>Note:</b> If the component is complex, please think about code splitting them to avoid too large bundle on pages that don't need them.

Reviewer: LGTM, and I noticed `@loadable/component` was mentioned later too.

</blockquote>

#### Fetching data to render Wysiwyg components

You can now transform HTML tags into React components. However, in some cases the data provided in the raw HTML you've received from your remote service won't be enough to display your component. For instance, you may have a `<product-name sku="VSK12" />` that is supposed to display the product's name. But all you have in the attributes is the SKU. This can be done by associating a `WysiwygNodeData` with your HTML node.

> Indeed, when you've created your `CustomWysiwyg` type, you have declared: `childNodes` (`JSON`) and `data` (`[WysiwygNodeData]`). By default, `data` will always be empty. But you can tell the Wysiwyg loader to fetch data for some specific `childNodes` (that each represent an HTML tag). This means that for `product-name`, you will associate a new `data` element that will contain the whole product data needed to display the component. To do so, you need to follow these steps:

Reviewer: The transition is misleading as readers may think that these types are about client-side code.
```suggestion
Indeed, when you've created your GraphQL `CustomWysiwyg` type, you have declared: `childNodes` (`JSON`) and `data` (`[WysiwygNodeData]`). By default, `data` will always be empty. But you can tell the Wysiwyg loader to fetch data for some specific `childNodes` (that each represent an HTML tag). This means that for `product-name`, you will associate a new `data` element that will contain the whole product data needed to display the component. To do so, you need to follow these steps:
```

Ideally, we could also transform "you've created your GraphQL `CustomWysiwyg` type" into a link to the correct anchor.

```diff
// my-module/server/modules/wysiwyg/index.js
contextEnhancer: ({ loaders }) => {
+  loaders.Wysiwyg.registerNodeType(
+    // the tag name in your HTML
+    "product-name",
+    // The associated GraphQL type name
+    "WysiwygProductNameData"
+  );
}
```
2. (Client side) Fetch the data to make it available in your custom Product Name component
    1. Override the `theme/modules/WysiwygV2/WysiwygFragment.gql` to fetch the new `WysiwygProductNameData`
```diff
#import "./MagentoWysiwyg/MagentoWysiwygFragment.gql"

fragment WysiwygFragment on Wysiwyg {
  childNodes
  data {
    dataId
+   ... on WysiwygProductNameData {
+     product {
+       sku
+       name
+     }
+   }
  }
  ... on MagentoWysiwyg {
    ...MagentoWysiwygFragment
  }
}
```
    Feel free to split this in a Fragment dedicated to your `CustomWysiwyg` just like it is done in the core for `MagentoWysiwyg`.
    2. Reference the `product-name` tag in your componentMap and use the new `data` prop available in the mapped component.
```diff
const defaultComponentsMap = {
+  product-name: (props) => <span>{props.data.product.name}</span>
}
```
    <blockquote className="important">

>     <b>Note:</b> Please keep in mind that for simplicity sake, the product name component is not code split, but if it grows in complexity, please make sure to code split it using <code>@loadable/component</code> to avoid too large bundles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <b>Note:</b> Please keep in mind that for simplicity's sake, the product name component is not code splitted, but if it grows in complexity, please make sure to code split it using <code>@loadable/component</code> to avoid too large bundles.
```

Author: Not sure about splitted. https://www.usingenglish.com/reference/irregular-verbs/split.html

**Add a custom Magento Widget**

Custom widgets will be automatically parsed. However, you will still need to map the widget's `type` to custom React Components. If you don't, they will be ignored and nothing will be rendered in the final page.

To do so, please override `theme/modules/WysiwygV2/MagentoWysiwyg/Widget/getWidgetComponent.js` in your own theme.

Now, within your newly created `getWidgetComponent.js` file, you will be able to add your own behavior. For instance, if you've created a widget in Magento that uses the type `acme/product-preview`, you will need to update the `Widget.js` file likewise:

```diff
-const defaultWidgetsMap = {};
+import React from "react";
+import Spinner from "theme/components/atoms/Spinner";
+import loadable from "@loadable/component";
+
+const defaultWidgetsMap = {
+  "acme/product-preview": loadable(() => import("./path/to/ProductPreview.js"), {
+    fallback: <Spinner />
+  })
+};

// ... rest of the file is intact
```

If you restart your application, you will notice that the new widget component is displayed. Hurray!

> However, in most cases, you will need to fetch data to display all the needed information in your widget. For instance, if the widget is `{% raw %}{{ widget type="acme/product-preview" sku="VSK12" }}{% endraw %}` you will want to fetch the product associated with the given SKU. This is the same concept as for the `WysiwygNodeData` but one level deeper in the GraphQL schema.

Reviewer: This section feels like explaining the previous part again.
We may add a rough schema or a bold sentence highlighting the difference, otherwise I feel that readers might overlook this section.

Author: I suggest that we look into it later.
